feat(WETH): Add decoder for all supported EVM chains (#7708)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

=========

* :feature:`-` rotki will now properly decode the transactions for bridging to and from Scroll.

> * :feature:`7708` rotki now properly decode WETH transactions on all supported EVM chains with native ETH

Reviewer: Seems this does not do it for non-native, but I would just add the changelog when it is **all done**. And not 1 changelog per entry.

```suggestion
* :feature:`7708` rotki now properly decodes all native to/from wrapped token transactions (e.g. ETH<->WETH, Matic<->WMatic) on all supported EVM chains
```
